# CSC-834-ATM-Project
WHAT: This project is a software ATM machine developed from a project specification. 
WHY: The project gave me practice developing a software system with the waterfall model. The project gave me experience developing models for the system and a GUI walkthrough for the customer. 
HOW: I started the project by developing the requirements specification for the customer. Next, I developed the use cases and domain diagram. I then developed a GUI walkthrough for the customer. Then, I created the sequence, activity, and state diagrams. The functions in the sequence diagrams helped modify my domain diagrams into a complete class diagram. I then created an ER diagram and schemas to model my database tables. These were derived from the classes within my class diagram. Next, I implemented the tables in HeidiSQL. Finally, I developed my code in C#/.NET. I developed the code for the deposit money requirement first, and developed the code for my login requirement last. The bulk of the GUI was already designed earlier in the development process, so all I had to do was develop the underlying logic for each requirement. The requirement that was the most challenging to implement for me was the transfer money requirement. This one was challenging because you were working with two different accounts, and you didn't want to allow the account you selected in the transfer from list to be present in the transfer to list. 
TOOLS USED: HeidiSQL, Oracle Rational Modeler, Visual Studio 2022, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Word, EKU server. 
Features for later development: I would like to update the login screen to hash the pin instead of having it present within the code as well as hash the user's input for the pin. I'd also like to make the pin display as *'s on screen instead of the actual pin number for better security. I also thought about adding more debit cards for the user to use. I would also like to make the transfer money functionality more secure by ensuring that if either the removal of money from the first account or the addition of money from the second account fails, the transaction does not take place. Another idea I had was to turn the system into an embedded system, however I feel like the money and debit card handling would be difficult. Another potential improvement would be to develop a ML algorithm to detect irregularities in transactions and alert customers of potential fraudulent transactions. 
